Creating a test client is quite easy now that we're
using the WebApplicationFactory.
Let's first create a folder named Scenarios and a class
inside this folder named MovieTests.
This is the class where we'll be adding our tests to.
Inside this class,
we want to add our Collection attribute with the name that we
gave inside our CollectionFixture class,
api.
We want to inherit our CustomWebApplicationFactory,
so we can say IClassFixture CustomWebApplicationFactory,
and also pass through our Solution Startup class.
If we create a constructor, we need to add the CustomWebApplicationFactory,
and then we want to register our client.
We can register our client by creating a field at the
top of our class called _client.
And in our constructor, we can say _client = factory.CreateClient.
Our HTTP setup is ready to use.
For our first test, we will add TestData to our local DynamoDB table.
We will add the fact attribute.
This is what XUnit requires above each test method.
We will name this test AddMovieRankDataReturnsOkStatus.
We will have a few using statements to add while writing out the code.
I'm just going to add them as we go.
If you have been following the course,
I've been adding and explaining them as we go,
so you should have a good understanding on adding using statements.
We will create a new movieDB.
This is the model that we want to pass into our AddMovies post request.
We will set TestData against our movieDB properties.
The HttpClient PostAsync method expects an HTTP content to be passed in.
First we need to convert our movieDB into JSON.
We do this using JsonConvert and passing in our test
movieDB model that we have just created.
Then,
we want to create a stringContent that will be used
to add into our PostAsync method.
We will new up a new StringContent,
and inside this method's parentheses we will pass in our json object.
We will set the Encoding of our StringContent to be UTF8 and
the media type to be application/json.
Using our TestContext that we have just injected into our class,
we will say _____ .client.PostAsync.
We are already given a base address that we set when creating our client,
so we now just need to add our route that is movies/,
and pass in the stringContent.
We want to assert on the response.
For now, we will create one assert that asserts that we get an OK status back.
We can say Assert.Equal(HttpStatusCode.Ok.
This is our expected response,
and then add the actual response that we get back from the response.StatusCode.
Let's run our test to make sure it passes.
If we head over to Visual Studio's menu,
test Windows Test Explorer,
This opens up the Test Explorer window with all of our tests.
At the moment, we only have one, the AddMovieRankDataReturnsOkStatus.
Let's run that.
Great, our first test has passed.
When running this test, it is downloaded and run the local DynamoDB instance.
We've spun up a test server, and then called out to our application's AddMovie endpoint.